welcome to my unboxing and first look at
the SteelSeries free which contrary to
what you might believe having heard the
name of the product costs money not very
much money mind you it's not super
expensive but it is it's super freedom
enhancing which is I think what they
were going for with the name but what it
sounds like is that it doesn't cost
anything so there it is tiny little game
controller which has huge huge
functionality especially once we get
into a little bit more about it and you
guys understand what's going on here so
first things first we've got a
QuickStart guide which is thick they
should call it a thick Start Guide yeah
alright how to configure your free on
different devices carrying pouch USB
cable Quick Start Guide Android iOS
including iphones ipads ipods pc mac
general information pairing mode buttons
end of english so what you guys may have
figured out based on that is that
there's a SteelSeries sticker inside as
well as a little guide to their free
product family and the flux product
family which i also have here which is
some pretty sweet baller looking
headphones ah what you may have figured
out is that this is pretty much
universally compatible with any number
of different platforms and it is for
playing games now the first thing that
came to mind for me is holy crap i have
a bluetooth controller that is portable
and wireless and convenient and i can
use it to play like SNES games on an
emulator on my android tablet holy
freakin crap of course that's not what
we're supposed to use it for because
nobody has any SNES games on their
tablet on an emulator because that is
not what you do no playing other games
however if you have other games that'll
work with that - so you got a pre
bog-standard configuration it's perfect
for SNES games although you won't be
playing those with a left and right
shoulder button
a d-pad starting so I mean a and B as
well as Oh No yeah sorry sorry
a BX sorry 1 2 3 4 those are the other
buttons however you got a couple of
analog sticks which actually they're a
little stiff but they'll probably loosen
up in time they feel pretty good not bad
considering again the cost of the
controller and the size so you got a
couple analog sticks in case you want to
use those for you know other games that
you're not playing on an SNES 8 well I
mean you're not playing any games on
this this joke sold um charging you get
about 10 hours of intense gaming with
the device when it's got a full charge
and around 20 plus hours of casual
gaming where you're sort of using it
sometimes and then not using at other
times and I don't know what he's
pointing at I don't know what he's
pointing at poor slick ok belenko oh you
wants to know the cable doesn't matter
the cables just for charging well yeah
you could but then bluetooth anyway so
it's cordless but slick wants ok fine
it's this long it is one Linus arm
length and one Linus chest width
long and the other than that I guess
let's just look sort of closely at it
and how awesome it is and how small it
is oh you know what this might be kind
of funny so this is it next to my hands
so you can see that I will have no
difficulty using this now I'm gonna go
ahead and take the camera from slick and
I'd like him to hold it in his hands so
if you are a large person like slick
who's basically a giant it might not be
perfect for you I hope they come out
with like a free XL or like you know
freed something and it's a little bit
bigger but for now this is perfect for
girls children and men with girly hands
thank you for watching and don't forget
to subscribe to Linus tech tips